# Soft White Underbelly

_I will be posting your video tomorrow morning_

To be honest, it was something I never thought it would happen, frankly.
I didn't think I had anything to contribute. But then I reminded myself
of the reason why I made the choice for my story to be out there when I
gave an interview to CyberNews back in October 2024. A chance to just
let out my voice out there and for my story to help at least one.

I still remember the day I walked in the studio.

I was in awe of the place, sort of daunting. I was just coming out of a
cold that I had for like about a week and half by that point. And before
that, I had problems I have been dealing with; that I thought I wasn\'t
going to make it to the day of the interview. Meeting mark was a
privilege as just the rest of the staff who were there. I talked to one
of them and told them my motivation for doing this.

Sitting in that chair and knowing at some point that I would be as
anybody who has sat in that chair before, criticized for whatever reason
it is. Its the price you pay in an exchange to be heard in a platform
where you are being given the privilege to speak in it.

I remember afterwards talking to somebody who were practically the only
one in full that knew why I did it and the risks I was taking. Their
reply

**"you took a great risk in doing this. Not many would because of how
we are. In fact most aren't going to receive it well. But I'm glad you
did so as frankly not many outside of us understand what living as a
hacker is or the burdens we carry. You're retired, many of us are still
at it."**

The interview itself I look at it as an extension of the interview I
gave to cybernews, the difference is that you are hearing it out of my
own mouth, in my words.

Will it matter or will people care?

I am under no expectations, if anything I was prepared for the
criticisms and the negativity that comes from this. Although I find it
quite funny many worry about _"legit"_ yet what they don't know is what
I handed over an envelope to mark after the interview was done. He can
tell his take behind it if he wishes to.

If you brag, people bitch. If you don't, people bitch. Nature of social
media to focus on the outskirts instead of the overall picture. Its
something that I'll learn to come to grips with.

Will there be another video? I don't think so but never say never, life is unpredictable. 

As for what I think of Mark and what he does with the channel. Honestly,
its the modern take of what Warhol did back in the 60s in his studio The
Factory when he took portraits and videos of his subjects. The
difference is mark humanizes his subjects by letting their voice being
out there, for better or for worse.

Take Care, 

Dexer
